README.md, before:


# Treehouse FSJS Techdegree - Project #1: Random Quote Generator

## Seth Lewis

### About

This is my first project completed during Team Treehouse Full Stack Javascript course. I applied understanding gained from the classes on variables, loops, functions, arrays, objects and other basic Javascript knowledge to complete this project. 

### Instructions

The quote generator consists of (a.) a library of quotations from classic literature, programmers writing about programming, and musicicans; (b.) a function (getRandomQuote) that randomly selects a quotation object at it's respective index number within the "quotations" arry; (c.) a function (printQuote) that calls the getRandomQuote function, use the returned quote object to build a string of HTML and quote properties, then uses that string to display a random quote in the browser; and (d.) a "click" event listener that I inherited with the project when it was assigned.

To use: simply open the web page, view the quotation, and select "Show another quote" at the top right-hand corner of the page.

Commit message:

added quotes, tags, setInterval method
Having trouble getting the background color to change with each new quote.

README.md, after:


# Treehouse FSJS Techdegree - Project #1: Random Quote Generator

## Seth Lewis

### About

This is my first project completed during Team Treehouse Full Stack Javascript course. I applied understanding gained from the classes on variables, loops, functions, arrays, objects and other basic Javascript knowledge to complete this project. 

### Instructions

The quote generator consists of (a.) a library of quotations from classic literature, programmers writing about programming, and musicicans; (b.) a function (getRandomQuote) that randomly selects a quotation object at it's respective index number within the "quotations" arry; (c.) a function (printQuote) that calls the getRandomQuote function, use the returned quote object to build a string of HTML and quote properties, then uses that string to display a random quote in the browser; (d.) the setInterval method to change the randomly selected quote every 8 seconds and (e.) a "click" event listener that I inherited with the project when it was assigned.

To use: simply open the web page and view the quotation. You can either select "Show another quote" at the top right-hand corner of the page or simply wait for 8 seconds and the page will automatically load a random quote.
